Beat you that day for some time
Just one sword today
fart
You and I are both saints
Isn't that amazing?
Why can't I even take a sword from you?
Your body has long been eroded by demonic energy
Losing to me is a matter of time
Hahahahaha
Want to kill me
You think beautifully
Lord Demon save me
Lord Tmall, this ugly woman
Trash like you
It is not worthy to waste the utilitarian employment of this seat
It is better to be the nourishment of this seat
Let me avenge you
Whale Immortal
Here we are again.
After his resurrection, he continued to eat flesh and blood to practice
Now it is the master and actually repaired
I must not act rashly
Let him see that I'm still a saint
Since ancient times, good and evil have no power
Today you will surely die by my sword